README.md, before:

# Chocolatey Send-Keys extension (helper to send keystrokes to a window) (`chocolatey-sendkeys.extension`)

A [Chocolatey extension](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/features/extensions) providing helper functions to send keystrokes to the active application window. These functions may be used in Chocolatey install and uninstall scripts by declaring this package a dependency in your package's `.nuspec`.


## Installation

As the package is an extension, it gets usually installed automatically as a dependency. However, you can still install it manually:

```console
choco install chocolatey-sendkeys.extension
```


## Usage

To create a package with the ability to use a function from this extension, add the following to your `.nuspec` specification:

```xml
<dependencies>
  <dependency id="chocolatey-sendkeys.extension" version="REPLACE_WITH_MINIMUM_VERSION_USUALLY_CURRENT_LATEST" />
</dependencies>
```

It is possible to import the module directly in your `PS >`, so you can try out the main functionality directly:

```powershell
# import the modules
Import-Module "${env:ChocolateyInstall}\helpers\chocolateyInstaller.psm1"
Import-Module "${env:ChocolateyInstall}\extensions\chocolatey-sendkeys\*.psm1"

# get a list of all functions
Get-Command -Module 'chocolatey-sendkeys.extension'

# get help and examples for a specific function
Get-Help Send-Keys -Detailed

# See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.windows.forms.sendkeys.send
# for a list of codes to specify characters that aren't displayed or represent
# actions rather than characters (like ENTER, DOWN or TAB).

# Send the keystrokes "ABC" to the currently active window; wait 2 seconds
# afterwards
Send-Keys -Keys 'ABC'

# Bring the first window that contains the name 'foo' to the front, focus it
# and send different keystrokes to it. By default, the functions waits two
# seconds after each keystroke.
Send-Keys -Keys 'a' -Query 'foo' # send a; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys '{TAB}' -Query 'foo' # send tab; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys ' ' -Query 'foo' # sends space bar; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys '{ENTER}' -Query 'foo' -Delay @(0, 5) # send enter; wait 5 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys '%A' -Query 'foo' # send ALT + A; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys '%w' -Query 'foo' # send ALT + w; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys 'abC{TAB}D' -Query 'foo' # send a, b, C, tab, D; wait 2 seconds


# Bring the first window that starts with the name 'bar' to the front, focus it
# and send different keystrokes to it. By default, the functions waits two
# seconds after each keystroke.
Send-Keys -Keys 'a' -Query '^bar.+$' # send a; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys '{DOWN}' -Query '^bar.+$' # send down; wait 2 seconds
```

But keep in mind that functions of Chocolatey extension may only work correctly in the context of Chocolatey install and uninstall scripts.


## License, copyright

This project is under [Apache License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). See [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE) and [`NOTICE`](./NOTICE) for details.


## Author information

This Chocolatey extension was created and is maintained by [foundata](https://foundata.com/). If you like it, you might [buy them a coffee](https://buy-me-a.coffee/chocolatey-sendkeys.extension/).

Commit message:

Rename: "chocolatey-sendkeys.extension" -> "sendkeys.extension".
Sorry, I missed one of the naming rules[1]:

> Do not use "chocolatey" in your package ID as this indicates an
> official package. You can use "choco" instead, but you must include
> the word "Unofficial" in the package title.

I can only guess how this happened. Maybe I was mentally anchored
because of already existing, unofficial extensions with this prefix
(which are allowed to keep the name as they were existing before the
new rule was introduced).

Repository name stays the same, we established chocolatey-<packageID>
as naming rule for our Chocolatey package source repositories.

[1] https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/create/create-packages#naming-your-package

README.md, after:

# Send-Keys extension for Chocolatey (helper to send keystrokes to a window) (`sendkeys.extension`)

**This project is *not* associated with the official [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) product or team, nor with [Chocolatey Software, Inc.](https://chocolatey.org/contact/).**

A [Chocolatey extension](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/features/extensions) providing helper functions to send keystrokes to the active application window. These functions may be used in Chocolatey install and uninstall scripts by declaring this package a dependency in your package's `.nuspec`.


## Installation

As the package is an extension, it gets usually installed automatically as a dependency. However, you can still install it manually:

```console
choco install sendkeys.extension
```


## Usage

To create a package with the ability to use a function from this extension, add the following to your `.nuspec` specification:

```xml
<dependencies>
  <dependency id="sendkeys.extension" version="REPLACE_WITH_MINIMUM_VERSION_USUALLY_CURRENT_LATEST" />
</dependencies>
```

It is possible to import the module directly in your `PS >`, so you can try out the main functionality directly:

```powershell
# import the modules
Import-Module "${env:ChocolateyInstall}\helpers\chocolateyInstaller.psm1"
Import-Module "${env:ChocolateyInstall}\extensions\sendkeys.extensionsendkeys\*.psm1"

# get a list of all functions
Get-Command -Module 'sendkeys.extension'

# get help and examples for a specific function
Get-Help Send-Keys -Detailed

# See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.windows.forms.sendkeys.send
# for a list of codes to specify characters that aren't displayed or represent
# actions rather than characters (like ENTER, DOWN or TAB).

# Send the keystrokes "ABC" to the currently active window; wait 2 seconds
# afterwards
Send-Keys -Keys 'ABC'

# Bring the first window that contains the name 'foo' to the front, focus it
# and send different keystrokes to it. By default, the functions waits two
# seconds after each keystroke.
Send-Keys -Keys 'a' -Query 'foo' # send a; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys '{TAB}' -Query 'foo' # send tab; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys ' ' -Query 'foo' # sends space bar; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys '{ENTER}' -Query 'foo' -Delay @(0, 5) # send enter; wait 5 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys '%A' -Query 'foo' # send ALT + A; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys '%w' -Query 'foo' # send ALT + w; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys 'abC{TAB}D' -Query 'foo' # send a, b, C, tab, D; wait 2 seconds


# Bring the first window that starts with the name 'bar' to the front, focus it
# and send different keystrokes to it. By default, the functions waits two
# seconds after each keystroke.
Send-Keys -Keys 'a' -Query '^bar.+$' # send a; wait 2 seconds
Send-Keys -Keys '{DOWN}' -Query '^bar.+$' # send down; wait 2 seconds
```

But keep in mind that functions of Chocolatey extension may only work correctly in the context of Chocolatey install and uninstall scripts.


## License, copyright

This project is under [Apache License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). See [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE) and [`NOTICE`](./NOTICE) for details.


## Author information

This Chocolatey extension was created and is maintained by [foundata](https://foundata.com/). If you like it, you might [buy them a coffee](https://buy-me-a.coffee/chocolatey-sendkeys.extension/). This is a community project and *not* associated with the official [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) product or team, nor with [Chocolatey Software, Inc.](https://chocolatey.org/contact/).
